Assignment Name - Angular

Problem Statement -
Check out the following API documentation -
https://anapioficeandfire.com/
This API documentation contains all information about a popular TV Series Game of
Thrones and its related book series.
“An API of Ice And Fire is the world's greatest source for quantified and structured data
from the universe of Ice and Fire (and the HBO series Game of Thrones)”
As a solution to this problem statement, you are supposed to create an Angular
application with following views -

1) View 1 - A view to list all books, characters and houses in same repeater
(ngFor)​. The view should use bootstrap cards to display the information. One
type of card (for example a card displaying a book) should look different from
another type of card(for example a card displaying a house). The view difference
can be as simple as change of border color according to the category(red for
books, blue for characters and green for houses). The data should be sorted in
alphabetical order.
2) View 2 - On clicking the card, a view containing the detail of that
book/character/house should open containing all the information about it in
details.
Here are some important points -
1. Use the API endpoints(set up proper pagination in your angular app, according to
the pagination in the API). You must use all the data of each category(character,
book and houses)
2. You have to get data using HTTP request. Do not just download the JSON and
use it. You must create proper services to fetch the data and give it necessary
manipulations and then components to display it to the user.
3. Extra marks will be given for creating filters(dropdowns or textboxes) in View 1
Evaluation Basis
This project will be evaluated on following basis -
1) Typescript and JS code - ​Your Typescript and JS code should follow the best
practices taught to you in the level and should use modern javascript as much as
possible.
2) Intuitive Thinking and Creativity - ​ You will get marks for intuitive thinking and
creativity. So try to be as creative as you can.
3) Angular code - ​Your angular code should follow the best practices taught to you
in the level. You should also follow the application structure given in the video.
4) Originality of code - ​Your code will be checked for plagiarism and if it's not
original, it will be discarded with a negative skill score.
Deliverables from Candidate
1) A Text File containing the link of Github repository containing all your code along with
images and other resources used in your website.
Warning​ - Do not submit incomplete or wrong assignments. They will result in
negative skill score. Also, you will not a get a second attempt at the assignment!
So whatever score you get will be the final score
